What are you talking about?
In fact, I have. Remember, please unlock your home first and ask what you want?
The old lady was really angry just now.
It’s not really Xiao Gan’er, but his family’s,
This won't let me come,
But when you go back, I will remember you well,
Make a choice, don't let the old lady die. Are you interested? See you?
No one is not seeing anyone, so don't talk nonsense.
The money has come, but you don’t have the money to sign the contract.
So I had to pull it down a little bit,
Please go and ask for help?
Ask for help with a begging attitude.
You look for a gift so casually
You can take Pai Ding back
Do you know how to be curious?
Didn't the old lady tell you?
Isn't it the end of the world if you don't give in to the rotation first?